USJ Tips for families
We went there on a weekday in October with two young school aged kids and I thought I’d leave a few tips for others who may be visiting the park while in Osaka. ??- Ticket purchase: buy them online in advance to save queuing up on the day. ??- Consider using ‘direct-in’ with QR codes on your phone. If you have small children and have to use only your phone to enter, this isn’t an issue either, just make sure you display each QR for each child at the gate. ??- If you have a Japanese friend, you can also ask them to help you order tickets through Lawson (Convenient store) and pay in any Lawson Loppi machine rather than ordering from Klook or Voyagin. ??- If your birthday is a month before or a month after the planned visit day, you can get discount, though to get this discount you have to go into their official web page which is in Japanese so this might not be easy. If you speak Japanese or have a friend who does, this could save you a bit of money. We saved 500 yen per ticket (family members are also entitled to the same discount). ??- Express Pass: choose the date/day of your visit and you might not need this. We considered spending £700 on the day pass plus Express pass 4 for four of us and in the end we didn’t and it worked out more than ok. (More details as below) ??- Pick a normal weekday and make sure it isn’t a local holiday etc and check the crowd forecast before booking your tickets??- Arrive early because they often open earlier than the official opening time. We arrived at 7.10 for 8.30 opening and the gate actually opened 45 min earlier than expected so we managed to get in before 8am, gaining the valuable 45min to make a head start! When we went, the park was a lot less busy in the morning but as the day went on it was busier and by 1pm it was double the amount of people or more so use your morning time well! ??- Use your lunch time well, eat early or eat much later as people tend to go to take time away from going to attractions around this time. Strictly speaking no food from outside is allowed, and they do indeed check your bags from time to time, but you can sneak in a couple of rice balls or sausage in your jacket pockets (there is Lawson around the corner) to save you both the money and time to queue up for food at lunch time. ??- Use the board to check the waiting times for different attractions and be flexible in your plan ??- Take bottles to fill up water with so that valuable time isn’t spent on queuing at a cafe to get drinks etc??- Check out the time for the parade and be at the start of the parade at least 30 min before to get a good spot - this is particularly important for those with small children as they can’t get a good view with too many people in front of them. The leaflet shows the route for the parade.??- Harry Potter area: Previously you needed time entry pass to this area but these days it is a free entry area unless it is exceptionally busy. We had no wait time at all to get on Forbidden Journey first thing in the morning by just making a dash to the area (with two young kids too!) and going straight in. ??- Take disposable water proofs from 100 yen shop so that you don’t get wet when you are on some of the rides! ??- Don’t miss out the castle light up at Harry Potter area! It was meant to be at 18.55 (for the first showing) but it actually started at 18.30 presumably because there were a lot of people gathering already. This is in front of the castle, in the open. I would recommend you to get there at least 30 min early but if not, note you don’t need to be right at the front of the crowd; most of the entertainment is the light effects on the castle which you can see from quite far back so don’t panic if you don’t manage to get there early to get to the front of the crowd. ??- Wait time: remember that the wait time sign is often overestimated. This is the times and time we spent queuing at each attractions we went:??7:55am HP Forbidden Journey - no wait time?8.35am Jurassic Park the Ride estimated wait time 25 min but got on the ride in 10min ?8.55am Jurassic Park the Ride (kids wanted to go on it again) same again 10min ?10am Sing on (show) Got there 15 min early and we got in ok ?11.15am Minion Ride - estimated wait time 50 min but it was only 30 min in the end ?12.45am Amazing Spider-Man estimated wait time 75 min but got on the ride in 40 min?Had Late lunch?14:00 am Went to get a good spot for the parade staring at 14.30 am. Already people taking up their spots and regretted not coming sooner. ?We spent the rest of the day visiting different areas covering different street shows etc. ??My final and perhaps one of most important tips that I can give to families with children visiting USJ... Do take your kids to toilet before queuing for each attraction! Despite taking kids to the restroom regularly, we still got ourselves in a situation whereby one of our kids went, mummmm I need to go to the toilet half way through a very long queue with no option of going back!! Luckily the queue moved quickly and she managed to hold on till the end of the ride, but it was pretty stressful!! ??Oh and have a chat with kids to decide on a memorable location to meet in case you get separated. We decided that beside the dinosaur at the entrance of Jurassic Park area was a good place to remember at the start :) ??We enjoyed our visit to USJ (though it was VERY tiring lol) and hope you will too!!