Rip off. Absolute rip off.
Our first dissapointment started when we got to the Gondola. 1.75 MILLION dong just to get there. They also had no dolphin/seal shows (not that I would have watched as I hate that stuff, it's cruel) so we were given 2x 100k dong vouchers as compensation. Boy oh boy was compensation the wrong word. We went to buy 'lunch' at the park and was told we could only use 1 of the vouchers, and we had to spend over 200k dong JUST to use one, as if the ticket price wasn't expensive enough. The food was like we were eating lumps of concrete, infact concrete would have been more satisfying, we fed the food to the wild cats by the eating area instead. I was literally waiting for my stomach to start churning which it did after a bit. The big light up ferris wheel we had been eying up from Tran Phu beach was not in operation (the part we were really looking forward to) and there were only a handful of other rides to choose from. We gave up on the actual park and decided to hit the water park. That was the best part. Not the slides though as only about 1/3 were actually in operation, the staff were also rude. We climbed to the top of some of the slide towers only to have the staff let people push in front of us, without explaining to us why. After a couple of hours of using the few select slides etc, we went back to the park to wait in line for the jungle car ride - was really overrated.

Everything about this park screams tourist trap, money hungry management, underpaid and undertrained staff and not to mention, horrible overpriced food. And the animals such as Lions, Tigers, Rhino, Monkeys etc were kept in HORRIBLE conditions and they all looked so sad and distressed as their enclosures were SO small.

Please do not use this park, it treats its animals horribly, it treats its customers horribly and I assume it treats its staff horribly.

DO NOT USE VIN PEARL LAND. YOU WILL REGRET IT 100%.

To prove my point I guarantee you if this review gets any reply, no compensation will be offered, not that anything they offer would compensate the day of our holiday lost.

From 2 VERY DISSAPOINTED customers.