Let me explain...
The actual experience with the fairground rides, food, water park, beach etc were very good. The cable car over is fun to get, the rides are pretty fun, there’s a whole arcade where all the games are free which was pretty cool, cool shops scattered around, okay food, the obstacle course on the sea was fantastic, great views...

Now you’re probably wondering why now I’ve given this place 1 star. This is really simply because of my upset with the zoo, aquarium and dolphin & seal show.

First of all, in both the zoo and aquarium none of the animals have half enough space that they need. I would show a picture but I was too upset at looking at them! It was honestly just so sad to see. Zoos are bad anyway as animals need to be in the wild, did you know most if not all animals only live half their life expectancy or less by being kept in captivity? It’s just not right. Please only support sanctuaries that take in rescued animals who aren’t able to survive in the wild or who are being planned on being set free after getting back on their feet. The animals themselves just looked terribly sad. They deserve a better life. The person who opened up Vinpearl is supposedly a billionaire, maybe he should invest his riches into a MUCH bigger space for the animals. Better yet, not have any of the zoo or aquarium or show and fill it with more rides.

Second of all, the dolphin and seal show. Please do not support this by going. These animals also go by the rule of living half or less of their life expectancy by being kept in captivity. They are also very mistreated because they should be hunting live fish like in the wild because that’s natural, except they are being fed dead fish. Moreover, they are controlled by the food they are given. How else do you think they learnt all the tricks? These animals are not pets, they should not be so vigorously trained to perform in front of us. They belong in the sea where they have so much area to swim freely and do what they want and feed on prey. They are forced to do what the trainers want them to do despite being full of food because the food is purely the thing controlling them. It’s almost like slavery.

These sort of things need to stop and they need to stop NOW. Paying money for tickets or even just turning up means that you’re supporting mistreatment of animals that belong to be happy in the wild and that is something terrible to support.

Please spread word so people are more aware of this. It seems many people are very uneducated on this matter due to their happy and laughing faces looking down on the miserable animals before them.