Unhappy with their rude staff altitude
I m nikmen from malaysia i visited vinpearl land nha trang on 6th dec 2018 at 11am would to highlight the some of the rude staff altitude towards chinese ppl n polite towards western ppl very racist. That's why I was not surprised was quite deserted when I was there. Franklin speaking if the Chinese ppl don't come to vinpearl land nha trang I m sure the business will go down cos in nha trang we can see they depend a lot on china customer. On 6th dec 2018 11am I arrived at the first entrance of the cable car the first staff was very polite n friendly to all customers until I reach the 2nd entrance where the staff collect our ticket that staff is very rude n i saw him scolding n shouting at the ederly chinese ppl in Vietnamese language n i feel irritated n scold him back ask him don't simply shout or scold at ppl n don't be rude n he scolded me back n show me his anger face n i scolded him back n walk away cos he can't understand english. I know some china ppl r clumsy but as a staff at the entrance u can talk politely n ppl will respond u back politely that's call customer service. This type of rude staff should ask him take care of the toilet. Frankly speaking vinpearl land is a nice n clean place to spend a day there. I have been traveling for so long n have been to so many amusement parks around the world I have never seen a parks so less customer. I have heard internet comment on rude staff altitude here until I see it than I believe. There is no information counter where customer lost information in park activities can ask for directions cos i can see some customers lost information don't know who to ask they speak to the staff they meet around the park n the staff can't communicate in english or chinese so there is a big language barrier problem. Like us we book tru klook apps n in the apps say the dolphins show is 3:30pm but we went to the dolphins show has already ended at 2:30pm n klook apps information is not accurate too n the brochure we get from the park didn't state the timing of the show so we go around ask any staff met n most can't speak english or chinese so atlast we miss all the show but we enjoy the zoo n underworld water n swimming at the sea n water slides. In sun world bana hills danang there is information counter at the park so we won't get lost n we know what to do there. U can see bana hills get lots of customers. I hope vinpearl land nha trang will watch out for some of their rude staff altitude n pls put up some information counter n hired staff that speak english n chinese who can communicate with illiterate customer who don't know how to check tru the timing of the show n what exciting place to visit there when ask at information counter? I believe with good altitude staff vinpearl land business will boost up. Even hoi an vinpearl land is so deserted.