I have been looking forward to visiting Hoi An and allowed 5 nights here as I heard it was so beautiful. We are on our third day and have been ripped off twice. I hate a place where I have to watch every interaction and people are not honest.
We are staying at the Hoi An Historic Hotel and thankfully it is a beautiful room and the staff and service are excellent. Only criticism would be that their laundry rates are over the top considering that there are laundry services across the road which charge a few dollars per kilo.
We ventured into Old Town for dinner on our first night and were constantly harassed by street vendors, lantern boat touts and tuk tuk drivers. The small streets are packed with tour groups and you cannot freely look at any items in a shop without being hounded. We found a restaurant to eat to escape the hassle but it just didn’t stop. The vendors come to your table and some will not take no for an answer. A young man who was very friendly and with excellent English was selling greeting cards which we ended up buying. When paying suddenly the asking price had doubled to what he initially stated but he had my money. Took me a while to cotton on to what I was actually paying. My own fault I know for not working it out before handing over the cash but I am finding converting dong to Australian dollars without the iphone difficult.
Our second bad experience just happened when I went to buy 4 cans of Coca Cola from a small liquor store just outside Old Town and next door to Morning Coffee shop. It was a little old Vietnamese woman that rushed out to help me. She bagged it for me and then told me the price. When I opened my wallet and was finding the notes she reached in and took money from my wallet. I wasn’t exactly sure what she had grabbed and when I started to complain she threw much smaller notes back at me. Final result is that she got an extra 300000 dong and charged the same price as the minibar in our room. Once again my own fault for not pushing her hands away but I really wasn’t expecting it. I know it is not much money by our standards but that is not the point. It is the dishonesty and the disservice they are doing to their tourism industry.
I was planning on shopping for some souvenirs to take home but Hoi An will not see another cent of my money. We have one free day and it will certainly not be spent in the Old Town area.
I am really sorry that we didn’t spend longer in Hanoi. We were never harassed there despite how busy it was and the people couldn’t have been more honest or helpful.