Beware of this big time liar and cheater

I usually don't like to share and write about bad things on people's and shop unless I really met the very bad one, I'm writing is to share with all the tourist so they are aware. This shop please DO NOT DO NOT DO NOT GO TO BUY AS THIS WOMEN IS BIG TIME LIAR AND CHEATER! I've told her I'm not a one time tourist as my family is here and I'll travel here very often like every 2 months. As she can speak English so I thought why not I grab something from her as I'm buying hangers opposite stall. She use the chinese tactic like oh we start business in the morning so I give you very good price and give her some business. I get 3 coffee mug and 5 small packets (200g) of coffee (she told me is the best quality) , she so daring told me 950 thousands Dong which I rejected, and then she told me morning morning to give her business and then she told me 600 thousand Dong. Before I bought from her, I ask her don't lie or cheat me as I always come and she told me this is the very good price, so as Chinese I thought early in the morning I don't want to spoilt ppls business. After I bought, I went back to show to my family and they told me I got cheated as that brand of coffee are not the best and the mug is very Cheap one. Apparently the next day, I went to market and check with the usual hawker I patronize, she bring me to another shop, the mug only sold at 20 thousand Dong per piece and coffee I bought is the lower grade, the higher grade which can get from K mart only cost 55 thousands Dong for 500g. I don't usually write this as I've been cheated for being silly, so I don't want people to get the same when they come to travel to Hoi an. Seriously, don't ever think that market buy sure better price, they can open the price 7-8 times higher and is much much more worse than Bangkok. Please calculate and check your price before you pay as they thought all tourists don't check price and they will add additional 20-30k on top of your bills, happen to me few times and I recheck then only they told me they count wrongly. A beautiful place to visit but they are so many dishonest peoples here as they see tourists, they want to squeeze every single penny out from us. I went back few days later just to take the picture of her shop and her so that everyone know and don't get cheated by her pretentious kind and smiling face. I wrote this only to let tourists know don't get cheated. After I calculated, I easily pay extra 400 thousand Dong (so silly got got cheated) from this store