Not worth it
I'm thirteen and this was the first time I went on a tour overall. I was expecting a tour to learn more about the country, since my parents decided to take a historical trip with Charming holidays. The start of the trip everyone was confused where to meet to go to the bus. No one told anyone where to go or where to meet after checked it the hotel, but luckily for my parents and I, we saw the other group gather in the hallway and go to the bus, we were able to figure our way around. WE DIDN'T SEE OUR TOURGUIDE UNTIL WE GOT ONTO THE BUS, but since it was the first day we didn't think much about it. If it's not too inappropriate, I would like to say that from the first minute that my parents had a conversation with the tour guide, they noticed a very bad odor coming from his mouth, which would continue to bother them and others throughout the tour. When we visited the first shrine, everyone excepted the history of to learn the history of the shrine, THERE WAS NO EXPLANATION OF ANYTHING. That also goes for all the shrines we went to, and if there was, the explanation was very general and didn't go into much detail, leaving many people very confused. Luckily, my mother knows how to read Japanese and told me and other people who asked questions what everything means and why it was built, AND BASICALLY DID THE TOUR GUIDE'S JOB. Besides that, the tour guide would disappear when the bus dropped us off to the next destination. The only time we would actually hear from the tour guide was when he would tell us the drama from the other tour group, which was very inappropriate. We also went to many shopping malls that wasted our time, since no one wanted to buy anything. We spent more time in the shopping malls than the shrines, not that there was anything to learn about at the shrine. The tour guide also did a very bad job trying to make the country interesting and wanting to be there. One thing that I remember him saying was that Akihabara was only where nerds go, when many people would only go there to just see that city and is one of the highlight of the country.We didn't get to see the real feel of Japan that everyone wanted to feel, but instead only went to the countryside, which I think was to only play safe and wanting to make their job easier. My parents and I decided to leave early the last day and go somewhere where we wanted to go so we wouldn't waste our time. I would like so say one positive thing, the bus driver was very kind and thoughtful and considerate, even though he had to listen and deal with our tour guide.